Wife Peed Some Panties I Got Her Just for Peeing In

Author: YTFU

*000*2025-10-17 21:19

Had a fantastic experience with my new wife a couple days ago. The upshot is I was having a really rough week at work, and I’d gotten her some panties I really, REALLY wanted to see her pee in, and she did for me, and we had perhaps the most intense sex I’ve ever experienced immediately after.

We got back from our honeymoon a week ago yesterday, and I had to immediately jump back into work. Having taken three weeks off for our honeymoon, everyone at work was anxious to have me back. I also ended up working most of the weekend. By Wednesday evening, I was cooked - I’d worked like 90 hours in five days, and it was tough.

Let me take a sec to mention that these panties in the pic below are some of my absolute favorites to wet in - they show the wet patch very dramatically, it spreads amazingly well, and they feel absolutely incredible to pee into.

&&

So, since I like that plenty for myself, and wanted to see my gal soak a similar pair, I bought her some while we were on our vacay.

Back to the story: I was having a very shit Wednesday, and she was texting me at 7:30 pm while I was still working, asking if there was anything she could do to help me feel better. I said “you know the kind of stuff I like - be creative”. I wasn’t really expecting anything to come of it.

That said, I wrapped up with work about a half hour later and trudged up from my office downstairs. I come up and start making dinner, and I hear her walking up behind me, and she’s wearing these panties, a sweater, and a smile.

I was speechless. She pressed herself up against me, pulled my head down to her face, licked my neck and my ear and said “what panties are you wearing, naughty boy?” I stammered something incoherent, and she said “well go change into yours that are like this” and she ground her ass against my already rock hard cock “and come join me in the shower”.

I ran to the closet and changed as quickly as I could, dropping my shorts and shirt on the bed, and hurried into the bathroom to join her.

I sat down on the toilet and got my phone out to record her. She looked over her shoulder at me and said “I have to pee really, really badly right now, and I want you to watch me go to the bathroom right. In. My. Little. Pink. Panties.” I’d turned the bathroom faucet on, since that seems to really help her go, so that’s what the running water sound is.

She waggled her lovely ass at me, and said “I don’t think I can hold it much longer. I’m about to have an accident! Oh no”. I started filming within a couple seconds, but she’d apparently had to go pretty badly, and had apprently already started peeing herself.

I know from experience that the first couple times a person pees in these panties, it just fills up rather than flowing out. They get much better, but only after a half dozen wettings or so, and this was her first one in these. She definitely fills them up, though, before her pee comes streaming out.

IMG_0477.mov

I’m only posting about ten seconds of video, because you can see towards the end that she starts to turn around - she asked me “well? Are you gonna come rub your cock against me so I can wet your panties too?”

I nearly died after she asked that, but set my phone up to record the rest and immediately did what she said - she absolutely drenched both of us for another thirty seconds or so, and the rest of the video is just that, and us fucking like wild animals. When I needed to cum the *friggin fourth* time, I asked her to tell me what she’d just done, and she said “I had to pee so bad! I just couldn’t hold it anymore and used the bathroom in my panties. I’m a bad girl… I need you to cum in me to teach me a lesson” and oh my lord that was a fantastic orgasm.

That said, I can’t share the rest of the vid - she doesn’t want anyone else to see us fucking, and our faces are in the rest a lot.

Regardless, this was one for the ages, all from a girl who hates being wet, and who swore years ago that she wouldn’t ever do “that kind of stuff”. If you think your partner won’t indulge you, JUST MAKE SURE THEIR NEEDS ARE MET AND YOU’LL BE SHOCKED WHAT SOMEONE WHO LOVES YOU WILL DO FOR YOU.

*003*2025-10-18 13:59

{{10 hours ago, derektor_2000 said:

Love it!

Can you share where you got them?

}}

Of course! I get almost all of both of our panties from Katie and Laura - it’s not letting me post the link, but if you google “Katie and Laura”, you’ll find them, no trouble.

*005*2025-10-18 15:36

Course! It was a blast. I hope it helps someone else get off close to as many times or as enthusiastically as it did me.

*010*2025-10-19 14:28

{{2 hours ago, Codedog92 said:

Is there more?

}}

There is, and it was great - soon as the above stopped, I set my phone down on the counter and recorded her continuing to pee through her panties, onto my junk, splashing all over both of our legs and feet, and then we screwed four times.

Unfortunately, she doesn’t want me sharing that because she thinks she “looks fat” in it and it shows our faces a bunch which she doesn’t want, so I’m gonna have to keep it to myself. I reeeeaaally wish I could share, because it was hot, but alas!

*014*2025-10-20 12:11

{{9 hours ago, ilikeadultvids said:

That is amazing. I'm glad that you shared this and that she did this. She looks amazing wetting those.

}}

Thank you! And I know, right? I knew those would look terrific - hopefully I can get her to wet them often enough that she hits that magic point where, once peed in, the dark spot spreads rapidly all over them. It usually takes about 5 or 6 times, but when it happens in that material, it’s my favorite.

*017*2025-11-17 12:27

{{On 11/16/2025 at 2:21 AM, ilikeadultvids said:

@YTFU

Did you take down the video? Is it broken now?

}}

Oh woop, I was cleaning up my stuff, and must have mis-clicked it. My bad! Here it is again:

Wife Fills Her Pink Panties and They Overflow.mov

{{On 11/12/2025 at 1:12 AM, Antispam said:

Anyone have the vidro it broke

}}

My bad! Try again.

*021*2025-11-18 15:41

{{10 hours ago, shadow prince of hearts said:

Video doesn't work but I do love the sound of that.

}}

Try VLC player - I took it on my iphone, so it's a .mov file

