Looking Forward to Christmas

Author: YTFU

*000*2025-12-23 16:44

I mentioned recently to my gal that I've been very "kink-horny" lately (my two kinks being that I love wearing - and wetting - satin panties, and I love omo in general), and given it's the holiday season, she's been dropping hints that we're going to engage in some wet fun together as my Christmas present. I bought us some matching panties, and I think she and I are going to wet them together, then dry hump a bit (wet hump? what do you call it when you dry hump in wet clothes?), then - if I haven't already completely lost it - we're going to fuck like animals.

Leading up to this, several times this month, she and I have played a bit, and I want to share some of these times. For some background, she's not into omo at all, but she knows how much it drives me insane, and she's a bit of a dom, so that's kind of her... angle on it.

First off, back a couple weeks ago, I was stuck in calls all day for work. I'm fortunate enough to work remote, but some days it's just call after call, sometimes multi booked, and there's no time to get up and go to the bathroom. Since the summer, sometimes she'll tell me I can just go while I'm working. A couple weeks ago was another such event, and one of the best so far.

I was, as usual, in the middle of multiple calls. She texted me to ask how I was doing, and our convo went like this:

Her: "How are you doing? You get to eat that lunch yet?"

Me: "No, been too busy, and on cam. No time for anything"

Her, no doubt in mock surprise: "No time even to go pee?"

Me, feeling that familiar stiffening sensation in my lap: "Nope, fraid not"

Her: "Awwww well how badly do you have to go?"

Me: "Really bad. Kinda hurts. Been holding it for like 5 hours now."

Her: "And how much longer do you think you can hold it?"

Me: "As long as I have to. I don't want to have an accident... my panties will get all wet..."

Her: "Well I think you should wet them. It'll be fine. You'll feel sooo much better"

Me: "But I'll make such a big mess..."

Her: "Just gooooo in your panties"

Me: "ohhhhh I want to so bad..."

Her: "I want you to go now"

Her: "I need you to go now"

Her: "It'll feel so good"

Me: "It really will... ok... I'm peeing my panties"

Me: "That feels sooooo much better..."

Her: "Goood"

Her: "Good job"

Her: "I'm glad you did what I needed you to do"

Me: "Ooo will you tell me what I did a good job on?"

Her: "You did a good job peeing your panties"

Me: "Ohhhh thank you. That feels much better. Need to calm down now tho or I'm gonna lose it lol"

Her: "Lose what?"

Me: "Lose it and blam lol"

Her: "Mmmm... text me when you're off your calls, but before you go clean up"

Later, me: "Alright, done with calls. Bout to go shower. What's up?"

Her: "Are you still horny?"

Me: "Psh, naaawww... why would I be horny lol?"

Her: "Because I just made you pee your panties, and you know you love it"

Me: "Oooooo fuck I really do..."

Her: "So how horny are you?"

Me: "Not gonna take much to set me off..."

Her: "I wanna see"

Me, getting all swoopy in my stomach: "See what?"

Her: "I wanna see your wet panties."

I sent her a pic of my lap, wearing light pink panties with lace trim, utterly soaked with pee. My dick was rock hard under the material.

Her: "Mmmmm... going with your girliest panties today? How'd it feel to wet them for me?"

Me, dying of horniness: "It felt amazing... like a small, long lasting orgasm"

Her: "You need to go ahead and cum in them too. Film yourself for me. I want to see the exact moment you release in your panties"

Me, already almost there: "You want me to just... touch it til I go?"

Her: thumbs up emoji

Me: "But I'll make a mess..."

Her: "You already made a mess. Your panties are soaking wet. You've probably been peeing in them nonstop for the last two hours. Just cum in them for me. It'll make me very happy"

Me, very nearly there: "Oh lord I'm gonna pass out"

Her: "You can pass out after you cum your panties too"

I filmed it - I was already close, and it didn't take much. Maybe 20 seconds before I was pumping what felt like a gallon of a different hot liquid into my already soaking wet lap. I sent her the video, and she said:

Her: "Oh now there's a good boy. Good job! You made your mistress so proud"

I asked what she needed, and she said she needed me to be hard for her later, which I was, but she ended up just wanting me to use my hands on her, though she did make me call her "mistress" while I was rubbing her.

Later, I'll put the story about what she did last week. Back to work now, not very many meetings this week. Alas.

