Had a Great Time Yesterday

Author: YTFU

*000*2026-03-02 18:40

Had a great time with my gal yesterday.

I've been hinting for a while that I'd like her to occasionally just casually wet herself in front of me. She has some old blue panties that I thought would be great for wetting - something cheap from Amazon, microfiber, etc. they hug her curves very very well, and she wore them to the pool once - the instant she started lowering herself into the water, the wetness spread up her crotch like oil up a candle wick. It... set my imagination aflame, to say the least.

Let me preface this by saying that we engaged in some incredibly strenuous, energetic, and lengthy screwing Saturday evening (not omo, but still a blast), and we were both very satisfied and contented. That said, I was still a bit worked up the next morning (yesterday), and she noticed in bed before we got up. She just said "later", and we went about our day.

We got done working out yesterday, and I was going to grab a shower. We were walking up from our home gym in our garage, and she kept holding herself. I asked if she was ok, and she said "yeah, just really gotta pee". I smirked and leered at her, but didn't force it. When she has to go super bad, she gets uncomfortable, and I don't like when she's uncomfortable. So, I stepped it out a bit faster and unlocked the house door, hollering over my shoulder that I was going to start the hot water in the shower. She said "that's fine - I have to piss and I'll join you".

I got in the shower, not really thinking anything of it beyond the usual titillation. I saw her step into the bathroom and take her clothes off through the frosted shower door. I was expecting her to sit down on the toilet and unleash a torrent, but strangely enough, she got into the shower and handed me something. I barely had time to register that she had been wearing those blue panties I mentioned earlier, and that she'd handed me a bottle of lube before she grabbed my hand, put it between her thighs, right over her pussy, said a casual "oops", and pissed an absolute river right through her panties and into my hand. Her bladder was so full I could see the bulge (she has nice abs, and it's interesting to see that bulge under there), and I watched it gradually decreasing as I heard it splashing all over her legs and feet, even over the sound of the shower.

I rubbed her while she was still peeing her panties and enjoyed the wet patch - it did exactly as I expected, and as she wet herself, the patch spread upwards almost to her waistband before spreading out. It was like the material absorbed every drop and spread it around. Magnificent.

She saw me getting hard and started stroking me, then abruptly pulled me towards her and positioned my very erect cock directly in the flow of the stream. Then, she started rubbing herself slowly against me. She pulled my head towards her mouth, licked my ear and, breathing heavily, whispered to me "guess I couldn't hold it anymore. I'm such a bad girl for peeing in my panties, aren't I?"

I nodded, moving in rhythm with her.

She said "I think I need to be punished with a nice, hard fucking."

I nodded again, reveling in the feeling of her warmth flooding out of her panties and onto my now very sensitive cock.

She said "I feel so embarrassed about not being able to hold my piss and having an accident. Guess whoever punishes me is gonna have to just pull my pee panties aside."

I nodded again, still too stunned to react. This is out of character for her, but she knows how much I love when she wets herself and when she talks dirty to me.

She giggled and said "So... are you gonna fuck me or not?"

I spun her around rather more roughly than I'd intended (but I'm very strong, and while she is too, she definitely loves when I throw her around a bit), squeezed some lube onto my cock, pulled her panties aside (noticing she was still trickling into them!), and thrust into her.

Ohhhh man, it did not take long. She was hollering about how she was "such a bad girl for having an accident in her little panties", and how much she "needed to be fucked to be taught a lesson about holding her piss", and I was done. Stick a fork in me. I came so much in her that a lot fell out when I eventually pulled out. She came too while I was finishing, and then made me stay in her while I reached around and rubbed her clit to another knee-wobbling orgasm for her.

I'm normally a "multiple times a day, every day" kind of guy, but I think I need a few days to replenish after that. Anyway, this was super hot, incredibly fun, overall a nice little omo quickie, and I wanted to share. No pics or video this time, alas!

