Great Experience Over the Weekend

Author: YTFU

*000*2026-03-24 14:38

Hi everyone, I had a terrific experience over the weekend, and wanted to share it.

My gal's been suggesting she might have to pee her pants for me soon for a while now, and asked me to pick out some jeans the other day. I chose a very tight pair that's very stretchy, and some copper colored panties that I like, and have been wanting to see her wet. Fast forward to Sunday afternoon - she finished using our elliptical, and then it was my turn. I'd been on it for about 20 minutes when I felt her tap me. I stopped my music, turned around, and got off the elliptical to see her standing in the middle of the floor wearing those jeans I'd asked her about and a t-shirt.

Now, I always do cardio naked, because I hate getting a shirt all sweaty. I know, it's weird, but the upshot was that she saw my rather rapid reaction to seeing her in those jeans, grabbed me gently by my now erect dick, and led me into the bathroom. She sat me down on the toilet and stepped into the shower where she slowly gyrated her hips for me a bit. She said "ooh, I can't hold it anymore", sighed, and cut loose. The problem, apparently, was that for some reason, these jeans didn't show a wet spot! I was bummed, though it was hot to hear the hissing jet pouring through her panties and into the crotch of her jeans (which, to be fair, got a slight dark spot on them), before streaming out around her ankles. And she kept. Friggin. Going. It was great; she probably peed for 60 seconds straight, right into her pants. And nothing showed! Her foot was over the drain in the shower, and by the time she finished, there was a puddle half an inch high around her toes.

She turned around and said "well shit, this was a waste". I told her it wasn't at all a waste, and she unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down. Her panties at least had a nice wet spot on them, and she said as much - "oooo well at least there's a nice wet spot on my panties for you to look at. is it good enough for you?" My cock twitched in response. "Well!" she said "let's get me all cleaned up. I've been a bad girl and need a shower."

I jumped in after her as she yanked her shirt off, turned the water on, rubbed her wet ass and crotch against my now throbbing erection, and then pulled her panties down. She bent over in front of me and twerked for a moment, and just as I was about to enter her, she instead shuffled away, picked her wet panties up off the shower floor, and wrapped them around my piece. She started stroking me (she's very, very talented) and saying things like "ooohhh I had to pee sooo badly that I just couldn't hold it for one more second. I had no choice but to relax and have a naughty accident right in my pants. And now, you have no choice but to relax and cum really hard for me right in my pee panties. That's right, you made me wet my panties, and now you have to make them even wetter."

I honestly have a hard time recalling exactly what she said, but it was along these lines. She stopped at one point to go down to her knees and give me some truly legendary head until I was about to lose it before standing back up, wrapping her panties back around my cock, and finishing me off into those.

It was a superb experience, and lends credence to my theory that she likes to make me cum in panties. Not sure if it's quite to the level of a kink for her, but she did lay me down on the bed after we dried off and she played with me until I was hard again and ready to roll. We only screwed for about twenty minutes, but I got off again, and she got off three times. Really, really good stuff.

I have video and some pics, gonna see if she'll let me post any. She's been feeling "fat" lately (eye roll), which is ridiculous, but we'll see.

*004*2026-03-25 10:53

{{13 hours ago, Tango said:

Thanks for sharing! It sounds like you have quite a loving relationship! Love to see it!

}}

It really is, especially given that she was never into omo before we met, and actively disliked it for the first year or so we were together. She’s a good woman.

{{11 hours ago, ilikeadultvids said:

Amazing story. I say that even if I can't see the spot, if I know that she's wetting herself, that is still great stuff. In fact, sometimes being able to get away with a naughty secret is lots of fun too. Also, I have seen a video you posted of her and she is not fat.

}}

Oh man it was nice - if not for the fact that I love watching those streaks run down the inside of blue jean covered thighs and spread out over her butt, I would get her to wet those jeans more often. Shoot, I still might. And I know! She just has this weird hang up about herself when she’s not in competition shape, like 7-9% body fat. I guess everyone has their thing they don’t like about themselves, you know? I’ll see again if I can post anything later.

